International Skin Imaging Collaboration ("ISIC")
Terms of Use Agreement and Privacy Policy

Medical Disclaimer:

IF YOU THINK YOU MAY HAVE A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, PLEASE CALL YOUR DOCTOR OR
EMERGENCY SERVICES NUMBER IMMEDIATELY. MSKCC DOES NOT RECOMMEND OR ENDORSE ANY
TESTS, PRODUCTS, PROCEDURES, OPINIONS, OR OTHER INFORMATION THAT MAY BE
MENTIONED ON THE SITE. RELIANCE ON ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN
RISK.

The contents of this website (the "Site") are intended to provide useful
information to the general public. All materials, including texts, graphics,
images, and audio, on the Site are for informational purposes only and are not a
substitute for medical diagnosis, advice, or treatment for specific medical
conditions. All visitors to the Site should seek expert medical care and consult
their own physicians for any specific health issues. Memorial Sloan Kettering
Cancer Center ("MSKCC") and its affiliates specifically disclaim all
responsibility for any liability, loss, or risk, personal or otherwise, which is
incurred as a consequence, directly or indirectly, of the use or application of
any of the material on this Site.


1. Terms of Use.

Unless you or your employer have entered into a separate written Agreement with
MSKCC which specifically supersedes this Terms of Use Agreement, this Terms of
Use Agreement and the agreements referenced herein (the "Agreement" or "Terms of
Use") constitute the entire agreement between MSKCC on the one hand, and users
of this Site ("Users"), on the other hand, pertaining to the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement binds users of the Site whether or not they contribute to
the Site. However, contributors to the Site are required to affirm assent to
this Agreement and otherwise conform to the provisions of Section 2 in order to
contribute content. Access, contribution to, or use of the Site all signify
assent by contributors and Users to all terms of the Agreement.

2. Account Information.

2.1. The Site may be accessed and used without creation of an account with
MSKCC. However, if you wish to upload a digital image ("Image") of a skin lesion
to the Site or to provide an annotation for such an Image (an "Annotation"), you
will be required to register an account ("Account") and abide by the terms of
this Agreement. To register an Account, you will be required to provide MSKCC
with certain contact information. In registering the Account, you represent and
warrant that such contact information is accurate and complete. Failure to
comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of these Terms of Use, which
may result in the immediate termination and deletion of the Account.  Use of the
term "Image" or "Annotation" in this Agreement includes the plural, unless the
context clearly indicates otherwise.

2.2. All contact information provided by you shall be governed by the Site
Privacy Policy, as discussed in Section 10.

2.3. Each Account will be accessible by means of a password. If you register an
Account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password
and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or
Account. You agree to immediately notify MSKCC if you become aware of any
unauthorized use of your password or Account or any other breach of security.

3. Contributions.

3.1. If you have registered an Account, you may provide or upload Images to the
Site. Upon submitting Images to the Site, you will be required to select one of
three Creative Commons (https://creativecommons.org) licenses (either CC0, BY,
or BY-NC,) to apply to the Images (the "Contributor License"). If you do not or
cannot agree to apply one of these licenses to a contributed Image, do not
upload your Image.  You agree only to post or upload Images to which you have
been duly authorized to transmit and license to MSKCC and to Users in accordance
with this Agreement and the Contributor License you select for each Image and/or
to which you own all copyrights and other rights. You agree, represent and
warrant that use of the Images you have posted or uploaded in connection with
the Site does not and will not violate or infringe the copyright, trademark,
privacy, publicity, HIPAA (as defined below) or any other intellectual property
or other rights, of any kind or nature whatsoever, of any person(s) or
entity(ies).

3.2. If you have registered an Account, as an additional, optional capability,
you may be permitted to annotate Images to note certain relevant attributes in
response to questions automatically posed by the Site. These Annotations are
stored and may be available for download separately from the original Image or
together with the original Image.  Annotations, when made available, may include
the User name of the User providing the Annotation. You agree that every and any
annotation which you submit will be licensed under Creative Commons
(https://creativecommons.org) license CC0. The derivative work formed by
combining an Annotation with the applicable Image will be licensed under the
applicable Contributor license for that Image. If you do not or cannot agree to
apply Creative Commons license CC0 to your Annotation, do not contribute your
Annotation.  You agree only to provide Annotations to which you own all
copyrights and other rights, and/or to which you have been duly authorized to
transmit and license to MSKCC and to Users in accordance with this Agreement and
the Creative Commons license CC0. You agree, represent and warrant that use of
the Annotations you have posted or uploaded in connection with the Site does not
and will not violate or infringe the copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity,
HIPAA (as defined below) or any other intellectual property or other rights, of
any kind or nature whatsoever, of any person(s) or entity(ies).

3.3. Should any part of the Contributor License for any reason be judged legally
invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such partial invalidity or
ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the Contributor License,
and in such case you hereby affirm that you will not (i) exercise any of your
rights in the Images which were purportedly granted by the selected Contributor
License or (ii) assert against (x) Users or (y) MSKCC or any of its
subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents,
contractors, successors, licensees or assignees (jointly and severally, MSKCC
and any and all of the foregoing listed in subsection (y) are the "MSKCC
Protected Parties"), any associated claims or causes of action with respect to
the Images.

3.4. You agree, represent and warrant the following for any Images and
Annotations you submit or contribute:

3.4.1. The Images and Annotations, including any file names, captions or other
metadata, do not contain any Individually Identifiable Health Information, as
defined at 45 C.F.R. 160.103, of the subject of the Images or Annotation, or of
anyone else, including any of the 18 individual identifiers listed at 45 C.F.R.
164.514(b)(2)(i) (such as, but not limited to, name, street address, phone
number, dates of treatment, email address, URL, or identifiable face, feature or
marking) ("Protected Health Information" or "PHI"), or that the Images and
Annotations have otherwise been rendered de-identified in accordance with the
requirements for de-identification set forth at 45 C.F.R. 164.514
("De-identified Images"), or, if the Images or Annotation are subject to a
jurisdiction outside of the United States, that the Images or Annotation have
been rendered de-identified in accordance with the requirements for
de-identification in the applicable foreign jurisdiction; or

3.4.2. For any Images or Annotations that contain PHI or other personally
identifying information (collectively, "Personal Information"), you have
obtained a valid written authorization from the subject of the Images or
Annotations, which authorization satisfies the requirements set forth at 45 CFR
164.508; and

3.4.3. If you, as a contributor, or any Images or Annotations you submit or
contribute, are subject to other privacy laws, regulations, directives or
agreements outside of the United States, you agree, represent and warrant that,
prior to upload or submission, you have obtained any and all consents,
permissions, authorizations or approvals, including from any persons appearing
in any Images or Annotations which you upload or submit, and have taken such
other steps as may be required by the applicable jurisdiction or institution.
You hereby acknowledge that all such Images, Annotations, or other data may be
transferred to the United States and/or other countries that have laws less
protective of data privacy than those of your country of residence or the
jurisdiction applicable to the Images or Annotations.  You hereby consent to
such transfer.

3.4.4. You further agree, represent and warrant that you have obtained any
consent needed for you to grant the Contributor License. Contributors are
expected to provide non-identifiable medical details associated with specific
images (e.g., diagnosis, patient age, patient history of skin cancer).  You
agree, represent and warrant that the non-identifiable medical details you
provide for each Image will be current, accurate, and correct as of the time of
upload. If you determine that the non-identifiable medical details you submitted
at the time of upload were incorrect, you agree to send an email to the email
address identified in the "Contacts" section of the Site and to include in the
message the correct details and identification of the Image.

3.5. Any Personal Information disclosed in or with the Images or Annotations may
be accessible to the general public. If you upload Personal Information, you
acknowledge that the following may be deemed to apply to your use and
disclosure: (i) certain sections of the Administrative Simplification section of
the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L.
104-191, enacted Aug. 21, 1996 (codified at 42 U.S.C. S1320d); (ii) the
regulations concerning privacy and security of health-related information and
personally identifiable financial data as set forth at 45 C.F.R. Parts 160
through 164 and the federal security regulations set forth in 45 C.F.R. Part
142, and as amended (subsections (i) and (ii) referred to collectively as "HIPAA
Requirements"); or (iii) other privacy directives, laws or regulations.

3.6. Furthermore, to the extent it is alleged or determined at any time that the
HIPAA Requirements, EU General Data Protection Regulation, EU-US Privacy Shield,
EU Data Protection Directive, privacy laws or regulations of any other
jurisdiction, or third-party rights are implicated by your disclosure of
Personal Information, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the MSKCC
Protected Parties from any claim, demand, or regulatory action, including
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of regulatory investigations, made by any
third party due to or arising out of your provision of the Images and
Annotations, use of and access to the Site and disclosure of personally
identifiable information in violation of any applicable laws or regulations.

3.7. MSKCC reserves the right to review all Images and Annotations prior to or
after contribution or submission to the Site and to remove them for any reason,
at any time, without prior notice, at its sole discretion.   Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no exercise, or failure to exercise, or delay in exercising any
right, power or remedy vested in MSKCC or the MSKCC Protected Parties under this
provision shall constitute a waiver by MSKCC or the MSKCC Protected Parties of
that or any other right, power or remedy. MSKCC does not guarantee that it will
review or remove any Image, Annotation or other content.


4. Rights in Site.

4.1. Generally. Your right to enter into, access and make use of the Site is
governed by the Agreement. However, components of this Site are independently
licensed and/or dedicated to the public domain.  In addition to the Images and
Annotations contributed by our Users (which are licensed to you under the
applicable Contributor License), the Site consists of the software necessary for
the Site to function and related copyrighted templates, documentation and
materials (together, the "Site Software"), non-trivial organized collections of
publically available data, in the form of the selection and arrangement of the
Images and related clinical datasets (the "Site Database") and certain
confidential information and data used to operate the Site. Unless otherwise
expressly stated in the applicable materials accompanying the Site Software, the
Site Software is licensed under the terms and conditions of the Apache 2.0
License (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). To the extent that
applicable law provides copyright protection for the Site Database, the Site
Database is made available to our Users under the Creative Commons Public Domain
Dedication (CC0) as set forth in Section 3.3. Software documentation and other
supporting media, such as tutorials, manuals, and webinars is made available to
our Users under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.

4.2. License in Images. The Images are made available to Users under the
Contributor License chosen by the contributor of the Image in question. You may
use, copy, distribute, display, modify, or otherwise exploit the Images only in
conjunction with the applicable Contributor License.

4.3. License in Annotations. The Annotations are made available to Users under
Creative Commons (https://creativecommons.org) license CC0. Any derivative work
formed by combining an Annotation with an applicable Image will be licensed
under the applicable Contributor license for that Image. You may use, copy,
distribute, display, modify, or otherwise exploit an Annotated Image only in
conjunction with the applicable Contributor License.

4.4. License in Site Software.

4.4.1. Generally, the Site Software is licensed under the terms and conditions
of the Apache 2.0 License (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) (the
"Software License").  In some cases, certain components of the Site Software
will continue to use the underlying software's license terms. In such case, the
notices, license, readme, or other documentation accompanying the affected
software will so state, and the expressly identified license will take
precedence over the Site License.

4.5. No Database Rights Reserved in Site Database - Creative Commons CC0.

4.5.1. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
applicable law, and except as otherwise expressly provided below, MSKCC hereby
overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and unconditionally waives, abandons,
and surrenders all of its copyright rights and associated claims and causes of
action, whether now known or unknown (including without limitation existing as
well as future claims and causes of action), in the Site Database: (i) in all
territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law
or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future
medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever,
including without limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes
(the "Waiver"). MSKCC makes the Waiver for the benefit of the Site's Users and
each member of the public at large, and to the detriment of MSKCC's successors,
fully intending that such Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission,
cancellation, termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the
quiet enjoyment of the Site Database by Users and the public at large.

4.5.2. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or
ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the
maximum extent permitted. In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged,
MSKCC hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, transferable,
sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise
MSKCC's rights in the Site Database: (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for
the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of copies,
and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial,
advertising or promotional purposes (the "Database License"). The Database
License shall be deemed effective as of the date the "No Rights Reserved" mark
was applied to the Site. Should any part of the Database License for any reason
be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such partial
invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the Database
License, and in such case MSKCC hereby affirms that MSKCC will not: (i) exercise
any of MSKCC's remaining rights in the Site Database; or (ii) assert any
associated claims or causes of action with respect to the Site Database.

5. Trademark. None of the Software License, Waiver, nor the Database License
shall apply to any trademarks or service marks belonging to MSKCC or to any
third party. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by
implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark
and/or service mark displayed on the Site without the prior written permission
of MSKCC or such third party owner(s).

6. Warranty Disclaimer. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS. MSKCC, ITS OWNERS, EMPLOYEES, SPONSORS, SITE DEVELOPERS, AGENTS, PARTNERS
AND LICENSORS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES'
RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NONE
OF THE MSKCC PROTECTED PARTIES MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING
THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CORRECTNESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE
CONTENT, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS, OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED ON OR
THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE. IN ADDITION, NONE OF THE MSKCC PROTECTED PARTIES
WILL BE LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF CONTRIBUTORS,
USERS OR THIRD PARTIES.

7. Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ANY OF THE MSKCC
PROTECTED PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE), INJURY, CLAIM,
LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM OR IN ANY WAY
ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE, CONTENT, SOFTWARE, IMAGES, ANNOTATIONS, ANY LINKED
SITE, OR ANY USE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO THE FULLEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN
IF AN MSKCC PROTECTED PARTY (OR PARTIES) HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE. IF FOR ANY REASON THE MSKCC PROTECTED PARTIES ARE FOUND TO BE
LIABLE, THEIR AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY OR PARTIES CLAIMING
WITH, UNDER OR THROUGH YOU, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT
YOU PAID, IF ANY, TO MSKCC FOR MEMBERSHIP IN THE SITE, OR (B) TEN DOLLARS ($10),
NOTWITHSTANDING THE NUMBER OF CLAIMS AND NOTWITHSTANDING ANY CLAIM THAT SUCH
REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. NO CLAIM OR ACTION ARISING FROM OR
CONCERNING THE SITE, CONTENT OR SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE HEREUNDER MAY BE BROUGHT
LATER THAN ONE YEAR FROM THE DATE THE CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES OR
LIABILITY AND, ALTHOUGH THE EXCLUSIONS, LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL ALWAYS BE CONSTRUED TO BE EFFECTIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE
LAW, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN LEGAL ADVISOR SHOULD YOU WISH TO DETERMINE THE
LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT APPLY TO YOU.

8. Indemnification. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE MSKCC PROTECTED
PARTIES FROM ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS
ASSOCIATED WITH REGULATORY INVESTIGATIONS, MADE BY ANY THIRD PARTY DUE TO OR
ARISING OUT OF (1) YOUR PROVISION OF ANY IMAGE, ANNOTATION OR ANY RELATED
INFORMATION, (2) YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SITE; (3) YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS; (4) YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY OR PUBLICITY, OR CLAIMS OF DEFAMATION; AS
WELL AS (5) YOUR VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO HIPAA TO THE EXTENT IT APPLIES.

9. Assumption of Risk. THE CONTENTS OF THE SITE, SUCH AS TEXT, GRAPHICS, IMAGES,
ANNOTATIONS AND INFORMATION, ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. MSKCC DOES NOT
REPRESENT OR WARRANT THE ACCURACY, CURRENCY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENTS OF
THE SITE. THE CONTENT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL
MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, OR TREATMENT. YOU SHOULD ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF
YOUR PHYSICIAN REGARDING A MEDICAL CONDITION. YOU SHOULD NEVER DISREGARD
PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE
READ ON THE SITE. NONE OF THE MSKCC PROTECTED PARTIES ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBLY OR
RISK FOR THE USE OF INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE.

10. Third Party Links. The Site may contain links to other web sites that are
operated by third parties and that are identifiable by a User of the Site as
being operated by third parties ("Links"). You acknowledge that MSKCC does not
endorse the Links and is not responsible for any content of the Links. You also
acknowledge that the respective owners of the Links neither endorse nor are
affiliated with MSKCC.

11. Site Privacy Policy.

11.1. By using the Site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this Site
Privacy Policy, which may be found at the following link:
https://isic-archive.com/#privacyPolicy.

12. Miscellaneous.

12.1. MSKCC may, in its sole and absolute discretion, take whatever action it
deems necessary to preserve the integrity of the Site. Violation of any of the
Terms of Use set forth herein may result in actions being taken by MSKCC,
effective immediately or at a time determined by MSKCC, which may include
without limitation: (i) temporarily suspending your Account, or (ii) permanently
terminating your Account. Without limiting the foregoing, MSKCC retains the
right to decline service, at any time, to any User, visitor, or third party who
violates the Terms of Use herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no exercise,
or failure to exercise, or delay in exercising any right, power or remedy vested
in MSKCC or the MSKCC Protected Parties under this provision shall constitute a
waiver by MSKCC or the MSKCC Protected Parties of that or any other right, power
or remedy.

12.2. MSKCC may revise the Terms of Use and Site Privacy Policy without notice
from time to time by updating or revising this posting, with the revised Terms
of Use and Site Privacy Policy taking effect as of the date of posting. It is
your responsibility to check these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy periodically
for changes. Your continued use of the Site (including, without limitation your
uploading of any Image or Annotation) following the posting of changes on the
Site will mean that you accept and agree to such changes.

12.3. This Agreement is entered into in the United States of America and shall
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without regard to conflicts or choice of law principles. Each party to
this Agreement submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New York
County for any dispute related thereto.

12.4. It is strictly prohibited for you to upload, submit or contribute Images
or Annotations or any other media of any kind that contain(s) expressions of
hate, abuse, offensive images or conduct, obscenity, pornography, sexually
explicit material, or any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal
liability under applicable law or regulations or that otherwise may be in
conflict with these Terms of Use and the  Site Privacy Policy.

12.5. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts, inventions,
or works of authorship private or proprietary, do not upload them to the Site,
include them in any of the Images or Annotations, or otherwise make them
available through the Site.

12.6. You agree that you shall not, and shall not assist or enable any third
party to, upload, submit or contribute any Images or Annotations or other media
that contain software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
designed or likely to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any
computer software or the Site.

12.7. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible on the Site, you may notify
our copyright agent, in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of
1998 ("DMCA"), Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2). For your
complaint to be valid under the DMCA, you must furnish the following information
when providing notice of the claimed copyright infringement:

12.7.1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the copyright owner;

12.7.2. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be
the subject of the infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to
which is to be disabled as well as information reasonably sufficient to permit
MSKCC to locate the material;

12.7.3. Information reasonably sufficient to permit MSKCC to contact the
complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an
electronic mail address;

12.7.4. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use
of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright
owner, by its agent, or by law; and

12.7.5. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and
under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

12.8. The above information must be submitted as a written notification to the
following Designated Agent:

Kristen Ahearn
ahearnk@mskcc.org
1275 York Ave., New York, NY 10065
(646) 227-2034 (T)
(212) 557-1236 (F)

Questions or comments regarding MSKCC should be submitted to the email address
identified in the "Contacts" section of the Site. Thank you for your
cooperation.
